Heal(mind-body medicine)
Lupus is a disease that occurs when your body's immune system attacks your own tissues and organs (autoimmune disease). Inflammation caused by lupus can affect many different body systems — including your joints, skin, kidneys, blood cells, brain, heart and lungs.
Fibromyalgia (fi·bro·my·al·gi·a) is a condition that causes pain all over the body (also referred to as widespread pain), sleep problems, fatigue, and often emotional and mental distress.

Lyme disease is a bacterial infection you get from the bite of an infected tick. At first, Lyme disease usually causes symptoms such as a rash, fever, headache, and fatigue. But if it is not treated early, the infection can spread to your joints, heart, and nervous system.

Lightheadedness is when you feel like you might faint. Your body could feel heavy, you might feel nauseous and unsteady, and you may sweat. Your vision might also be affected. Lightheadedness is often caused by a lack of blood in the brain.

A migraine is a headache that can cause severe throbbing pain or a pulsing sensation, usually on one side of the head. It's often accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and extreme sensitivity to light and sound.

Crohn's disease is a type of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD).

This is not western medicine, it’s eastern medicine and energy medicine.

Tonic thoughts produce tonic chemicals and toxic thoughts produce toxic chemicals

We have three types of stress physical(accident, injury), chemical(bacteria, virus, hormones, food), emotional stress.

Medicine first derived from Newtonian physics, look at the body as physical machine and if there is wrong in body there should be problem in mechanics of physical machine but new physics came in called quantum physics, it says invisible energy around that was out that we didn’t count, and didn’t even talk about in medicine because it’s just physical body it turns out our perception what’s physical is illusion, there is nothing physical at all, it’s all energy. 
microscope=cell=dna=atom=electron,proton,neutron .
What’s amazing is inside an atom, 99.99999999999% empty space.

Long time spirit was invisible moving forces that influence physical realm, those invisible forces that we discounting in medicine turns out to be primary force that control everything by quantum physics.

Acute illness
Placebo positive effect
Nocebo  negative
Diagnosis and prognosis
Don’t fall pray to prognosis like some doctor said you have 1% to live.
Epigenetic
All forgiveness is self forgiveness.
Even someone did me wrong I have those thoughts and they are affecting me.
When I forgive them, I release rancor, resentment, animosity and releasing all unforgiveness by forgiving myself.
Pharma industry is corporate industry its corporation. What are corporations? System where people invest money for profit.
Selling product because of people fear. Very product offered to solve the problem actually perpetuate the problem.
Drug interaction must time are not side effect but direct effect.

There is caterpillar that’s in the chrysalis and it’s struggling to get out and there is little hole in chrysalis and there is man nearby he feels bad for caterpillar struggling so, he takes scissors and cut the chrysalis to make caterpillar way out then caterpillar turns into butterfly that dies and never can fly.

Different types of meditation one is that involves self reflection eg asking question who am I called self questioning. Which is questioning your beliefs. second form of meditation called mindfulness which is terrible word because you are not using you mind of awareness in it rather you use subconscious auto pilot mind. Third form is transcendence usually using the technique like mantra. Mantra is kind of sound that competes with your thoughts and takes you to a place where there is no thoughts and mantra and you are just left with the awareness.

Your pituitary gland does amazing things when you are in meditation. It releases oxytocin, dopamine, relaxin, serotonin, endorphins, everything good your body can make is released when you make this spiritual connection. 


In a workshop of 120 people, they want to measure circulating cortisol level and chemical called IGA(immunoglobulin A).they are put 3 and half days of training after workshop they wanted to see any epigenetic changes or chemical changes that took place by their internal work and it was found that cortisol level diminished(no longer stress) and IGA level moved from 51 to  100 or more way the roof. IGA is primary defense against bacteria and viruses greater than any flu shots. 
 
How could my prayer, how could my loving thoughts, how could my meditation and thought of gratitude and appreciation possibly impact the healing of another person in the room with me or half way around the world answer is we are deeply connected through the phenomena called entanglement. Entanglement is the term in the physics that tells us once something is unified and once something begins as a whole, even though it is separated physically by many miles or light years what they defining in cosmos energetically everything still is connected.
Why that important, because if we go back far enough in time, there is point in time when you , me and earth are all interconnected before what is called Big Bang(big release of energy). When that happen physically particle begin to separate but energetically particles remain connected. We are part of this earth and part of one another.that empowers you and me in participating in healing the bodies of loved ones.




Before you take any medication google long term side effect of any drug.

Focus on life, focus on something that brings you joy, focus on love and loved ones, spend everyday doing things that makes you feel good, 
When I usually tell people who has been told they are is remission, I say think of the word remission “as actually meaning remember my mission”. 
